docs/resources/configfile.md, before:

---
page_title: "openwrt_configfile"

---

# openwrt_configfile (Resource)

Write configuration files to `/etc/config` on the OpenWRT router.

## Example Usage

The default system settings on openwrt written as a `configfile` resource

```hcl
resource "openwrt_configfile" "system" {
 name    = "system"
 content = <<-EOT
 config timeserver 'ntp'
     option enabled '1'
     option enable_server '0'
     list server '0.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '1.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '2.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '3.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'

 config system
     option hostname 'OpenWrt'
     option timezone 'UTC'
     option ttylogin '0'
     option log_size '64'
     option urandom_seed '0'
  EOT
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `name` - *Required* - Name of the configuration file.

* `content` - *Required* - The content of the configuration file.

* `commit` - *Optional* - If we should tell `uci` to run `commit` on the configuration file. (Default: true)

## Attribute Reference

No attributes are exported.

Commit message:

feat(docs): rework on docs, using MarkdownDescription and Description schema.Schema properties chore(makefile): review makefile tasks

docs/resources/configfile.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_configfile Resource - terraform-provider-openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Write configuration files to /etc/config on the OpenWRT router.
---

# openwrt_configfile (Resource)

Write configuration files to `/etc/config` on the OpenWRT router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# The default system settings on openwrt written as a `configfile` resource
resource "openwrt_configfile" "system" {
  name    = "system"
  content = <<-EOT
 config timeserver 'ntp'
     option enabled '1'
     option enable_server '0'
     list server '0.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '1.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '2.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'
     list server '3.openwrt.pool.ntp.org'

 config system
     option hostname 'OpenWrt'
     option timezone 'UTC'
     option ttylogin '0'
     option log_size '64'
     option urandom_seed '0'
  EOT
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (String) The content of the configuration file.
- `name` (String) Name of the configuration file.

### Optional

- `commit` (Boolean) If we should tell `uci` to run `commit` on the configuration file. (Default: true)
