---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_system Resource - terraform-provider-openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage the system settings in openwrt
---

# openwrt_system (Resource)

Manage the system settings in openwrt

## Example Usage

```terraform
#The default system settings on openwrt.
resource "openwrt_system" "system" {
  hostname     = "OpenWrt"
  timezone     = "UTC"
  ttylogin     = "0"
  log_size     = "64"
  urandom_seed = "0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `anonymous` (Boolean)
- `buffersize` (String) Size of the kernel message buffer.
- `conloglevel` (String) The maximum log level for kernel messages to be logged to the console. (Default: 7)
- `cronloglevel` (String) The minimum level for cron messages to be logged to syslog. 0 will print all debug messages, 8 will log command executions, and 9 or higher will only log error messages. (Default: 5)
- `description` (String) A short, single-line description for this system. It should be suitable for human consumption in user interfaces, such as LuCI, selector UIs in remote administration applications, or remote UCI (over ubus RPC).
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for this system (Default: "OpenWrt")
- `klogconloglevel` (String) The maximum log level for kernel messages to be logged to the console. Only messages with a level lower than this will be printed to the console. Identical to conloglevel and will override it. (Default: 7)
- `log_buffer_size` (String) Size of the log buffer of the procd based system log, that is accessible via the logread command. Defaults to the value of log_size if unset.
- `log_file` (String) File to write log messages to (type file). The default is to not write a log in a file. The most often used location for a system log file is `/var/log/messages`.
- `log_hostname` (String) Hostname to send to remote syslog. If none is provided, the actual hostname is send. This feature is only present in 17.xx and later versions
- `log_ip` (String) IP address of a syslog server to which the log messages should be sent in addition to the local destination.
- `log_port` (String) Port number of the remote syslog server specified with log_ip. (Default: 514)
- `log_prefix` (String) Adds a prefix to all log messages send over network.
- `log_proto` (String) Sets the protocol to use for the connection, either tcp or udp. (Default: "udp")
- `log_remote` (String) Enables remote logging. (Default: 1)
- `log_size` (String) Size of the file based log buffer in KiB (see log_file). This value is used as the fallback value for log_buffer_size if the latter is not specified. (Default: 64)
- `log_trailer_null` (String) Use \0 instead of \n as trailer when using TCP. (Default: 0)
- `log_type` (String) Either circular or file. The circular option is a fixed size queue in memory, while the file is a dynamically sized file, that can be in memory, or written to disk. Note: If log_type is set to file, then at some point when the log fills, the device may encounter an out-of-space condition. This is especially an issue for devices with limited onboard storage: in memory, or on flash. (Default: "circular")
- `notes` (String) A multi-line, free-form text field about this system that can be used in any way the user wishes, e.g. to hold installation notes, or unit serial number and inventory number, location, etc.
- `timezone` (String) POSIX.1 time zone string corresponding to the time zone in which date and time should be displayed by default. See [timezone database](https://github.com/openwrt/luci/blob/master/modules/luci-lua-runtime/luasrc/sys/zoneinfo/tzdata.lua) for a mapping between IANA/Olson and POSIX.1 formats. (For London this corresponds to GMT0BST,M3.5.0/1,M10.5.0) (Default: "UTC")
- `ttylogin` (String) Require authentication for local users to log in the system. Disabled by default. It applies to the access methods listed in /etc/inittab, such as keyboard and serial. (Default: 0)
- `type` (String)
- `urandom_seed` (String) Path of the seed. Enables saving a new seed on each boot. (Default: 0)
- `zonename` (String) IANA/Olson time zone string. If zoneinfo-* packages are present, possible values can be found by running find /usr/share/zoneinfo. See [timezone database](https://github.com/openwrt/luci/blob/master/modules/luci-lua-runtime/luasrc/sys/zoneinfo/tzdata.lua) for a mapping between IANA/Olson and POSIX.1 formats. (For London this corresponds to Europe/London) (Default: UTC)
- `zram_comp_algo` (String) Compression algorithm to use for ZRAM, can be one of lzo, lzo-rle, lz4, zstd. (Default: "lzo")
- `zram_size_mb` (String) Size of ZRAM in MB. (Default: ramsize in Kb divided by 2048)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
